Outline the objectives of the project and define the problem
Problem – is this an objective or a summary? 
•	Talk about the overall reason of the report
•	Describe some of the problem in the report
The overall objective of the report is to introduce the new design for the Call management Centre, for a major travel company. This new information system which includes the Call Management Centre (CMC) will help the flow rate of calls to help the relation management as it is essential for the performance for the sales in holiday packages with features such as inbound  / outbound calls that would improve assistances to the relation management . These improvements if applied, it helps existing-customers or new customers and provide many features. 

The problem arises when the current RM where segmenting customers information into different segment type such as postcodes and surname, thus this report will discuss the extensive methods that will be deployed to support many more information such as the age, gender, language to create a skill matcher which finds the connections between the customers and the RM.

The solution proposed in the report would feature several benefits with the new systems, some include recruitment as RM profiles can provide many useful information such as the overall profile and skill matrix to be lodged in the system with information gathering technique such as questionnaires. This will ensure that the RMs will produce better performance in selling and serving customers more efficiency and effective than previously shown。

Project Assumptions
•	We have enough financial resources to complete the project
•	Training cost will incur internally and no extra cost will be applied.
•	The project will follow an iterative agile methodology 
•	We have accurate information of every customers i.e. age, sex, culture, language proficiency etc. (case study 2020)
•	The new employee is providing accurate data about his skills on the RM Profiles.
•	The customer updates their post code when they move to have reliable customer data for the travel company.

Stakeholders
Primary:
    1. Travel Company:  Roles: The project owner. To provide what the company want and achieve.
                        Interests: Want to have a RM system to improve its CMC and get more customers.
                        Quality of Importance: Modifiability, Scalability, Availability
    2. Employees:       Roles:User of the system and work for the company to provide service to customers by calling.
                        Interests: 1.	Save time. 2.	Want to easily understand what customers mean.
                        Quality of Importance: Usability, Availability, Performance
    3. Customers:       Roles: User of the system. People who are served by employees of the company.
                        Interests: 1.	Save time. 2.	Want to experience a good trip. 3.	Want the employees easily understand what they mean.
                        Quality of Importance: Usability, Availability, Performance, Scalability
    4. Developing Team: Roles: Developers. The team who develop and achieve functions of the system.
                        Interests: They want to develop the RM system to achieve the requirements supplied by the project owner.
                        Quality of Importance: Performance, Modifiability, Testability, Usability
    5. Maintenance Team: Roles: Developers. The team who regularly maintain the system.
                         Interests: They want to make regularly update and operation to keep the system working well.
                         Quality of Importance: Modifiability, Testability, Maintainability, Usability
    6. Managers:        Roles: Scrum Master who admin employees and teams work.
                        Interests: They want teams cooperate each other and employees work as expected.
                        Quality of Imortance: Modifiability, Performance, Availability
    7. Engineers:       Roles: Applies engineering principles and make some designs.
                        Interests: They want to design a feasible RM system to let developers achieve.
                        Quality of Importance: Performance, Usability, Availability
Secondary:
    1. System Security Team:   Roles: The team who maintain safety of the system.
                               Interests: 1.	Protect customers and workers information. 2.	Protect Records of call. 3.	Protect any attack to RM system.
                               Quality of Importance: Maintainability, Usability
    2. Suppliers:              Roles: Who supplies any of support such as technology, investment and equipment.
                               Interests: They want to provide support to this system to get profit through the project.
                               Quality of Importance: Performance, Scalability, Availability, Usability
    3. Business Partner:       Roles: An internal investor.
                               Interests: They want to make profit and have greater marketing opportunities.
                               Quality of Importance: Availability, Performance
    4. Complaint Institutions: Roles: To Provide a platform for users to complaint any drawbacks of the system.
                               Interests: They want to protect customers rights and to make the RM system better.
                               Quality of Importance: Performance, Scalability, Usability, Maintainability
                               

-	Step 1 (Empathise) =  New customers and non-potential buyers will experience a different level of service from the company. Some consumers might find the company is very discriminating as they judge people from where they live. Some customers might get frustrated with the RM, due to lack of knowledge about the things they are selling when being asked. Furthermore, customers with low scores are not getting any prioritisation might make the customer not willing to buy the product anymore. Some consumers fear that they receive a different level of service. The customers might get hold for too long when the RMs are all busy. However, when this technology and idea are being implemented, the customers will have more efficiency. 


-	Step 2 (Define) = The problems are, the company should treat all their customers fairly. A highly trained and knowledgeable RM should also assist new customers or non-potential buyers. Some customers might ask another question that is more complicated to answer. Also, several customers might fail to give their complete information and a fake data. Furthermore, do not judge the customers from particular postcodes. Customers being served are not based on where they live and how high their score is, but how detail the question is being asked and how convinced they are about buying the products. Lastly, when the RMs are busy assisting others, and the customers are being redirected to the Automatic Call Distributor, make sure there is a limit of few minutes and do not make the customers wait for so long until they hang up the phone. There are lots possibilities of problem, therefore it is important to treat the customers fairly and equally. A highly knowledge RM should be use for every customer. 


-	Step 3 (Ideation) = The company could implement the use of SMS or email instead of calls for the outbound customer service. By designing a beautiful web page or website about the company that could show more wide range about what the company is selling. Using web chat could also reduce the traffic call. Some customers’ inquiries are simple and are straightforward, such as “what are the available options?” or “which package is the most recommended?” This type of questions are better with text messaging or online web chat, and it allows the customer service or RMs to help the customers with booking. Furthermore, text messaging or web chat could allow the RMs to communicate/process with the many customers simultaneously, while phone calls could only allow 1 RM to communicate, which makes it less efficient and could increase the traffic call flow and it will surely decrease the Average Handle Time (AHT). Therefore, the company could hire less people, and they can place the experienced/high knowledge score RM for every customer.  


-	Step 4 (Prototype) =  Website webchat and SMS are the best option for the customers. Because it is both beneficial for the customers and the company. The customers can get the most out of the company. Such as getting an experienced RM. Furthermore, it is also cheaper to implement webchat and SMS compared to calls, and the company does not need to hire many RMs, because 1 RM can communicate with several customers simultaneously. The customers does not need to wait for so long to get a RM to talk with them and the customers will not have to experience a high call volume. When the company are using a website, the customers could browse the website. The website will offer and give lots of knowledge to the customers. Some elderly customers might not be able to use a website, therefore, they could use SMS to reach the company. 


-   Step 5 (Test) = The company can slowly implement the use of webchat and SMS to a small amount of customer first. It is important not to test on a large amount of customer, because in case if it did not succeed, it will not impact so much on the company. The company should test on small portion on customer to receive feedbacks from the customer about the new SMS and webchat implementation. Furthermore, by testing it on the customers, the company can know that if they successfully satisfy the customers.


