Implementing an information system in a business can bring a significant increase in the outcome for the company. Such as, the advantage of implementing a new information system is it increases the efficiency of the company. There are three activities in an information system that produce the information that is essential for the business. Such as it can help the business to improve their decision making, controlling operations, analysing problems, and creating new products and services. The three activities for producing the information are input, processing, and output. The company can input the customer's data, then the computer will store and process the data; finally, the output is that the system will provide meaningful information for the customer. Furthermore, the company implementing an information system will allow them to respond to various types of pressures—namely, market pressure, technology pressure, and legal pressure. As in order for a modern company to be active and efficient, they should remain competitive and react instantly to problems and opportunities for them to compete with other companies and challenging environment. For instance, the information system could allow the company to compete with other competitors by maintaining cheap costs, focusing on market niche, improving the performance, better responding to the customers, and differentiating the products and services from the other competitors. Additionally, the information system could expand the company's business into global markets. The information system enables organisations to implement the use of e-Business and e-Commerce, and they support businesses to compete in today's modern business environment. For instance, customers can buy tickets from all over the world. Finally, the information system can also help the company to use customer demands to improve products and services that they are selling; thus, it could improve the company's sales and profits.
However, a system failure could happen, when a system does not meet its requirement, or when the company is using outdated technology. The failure of the information system in a business is due to a lack of experience to manage the new information system, lack of communication within the department, and when the business manager and IT manager have different perspectives. When the information system fails in a business, it could lead to a significant disadvantage result for the company. Such as it could lead to substantial financial loss and bankrupt. When a business implements an information system, it requires a vast amount of money, and when it did not go as plan, the business will go bankrupt. Also, it could cause the company to lose customers. When the website is out of action, and the customers cannot access the website, the customers will choose another company that provides a more effortless and convenient procedure. Finally, when an information system fails in a business, it will lead to loss of market share, clients and staff. Therefore, if the information system fails in a business, it will cause substantial permanent damage to the company's reputation and financial embarrassment.
